I’M A Celebrity winner Sam Thompson is on course to bank his first million after being crowned King of the Jungle last night.

And finalist Nigel Farage is preparing to flex his own newfound popularity with a return to frontline politics after finishing third.

Sam Thompson is on course to bank his first million after being crowned King of the Jungle
7
Sam Thompson is on course to bank his first million after being crowned King of the JungleCredit: Rex
Sam beat out politician Nigel Farage who finished in third place
7
Sam beat out politician Nigel Farage who finished in third placeCredit: ITV
Bookies’ favourite and self-confessed show superfan Sam, 31, has become a household name thanks to his success on the ITV series.

The Made in Chelsea toff won over the nation with his positive attitude — beating Nigel, 59, and runner-up Tony Bellew, 41, to the coveted crown.

A source said: “Sam will easily bank a million in the next year thanks to the jungle.

"Calls have already started to be made about opportunities for Sam — including his own TV series.

READ MORE ON SAM THOMPSON

HIDDEN MOTIVE I'm A Celeb fans work out sad 'real reason' Tony chose Sam to do trial

TOO MUCH Sam Thompson’s girlfriend Zara reveals shock over Nigel Farage IAC moment
“There has also been a flurry of big- money deals thrown his way.

"He has always been popular among younger people thanks to his reality TV past, but now he’s known and loved by millions.

“Winning I’m A Celebrity can do wonders for careers and Sam is certainly no exception.”

Sam was backed as the winner by every contestant who left the camp before him, including EastEnder Danielle Harold, jockey Frankie Dettori and JLS pop star Marvin Humes — who reckons the band will bring Sam out on tour.

MOST READ IN NEWS TV
Molly-Mae breaks silence on Instagram after split rumours with Tommy Fury
LOOKING BLUE Molly-Mae breaks silence on Instagram after split rumours with Tommy Fury
This Morning reveals 3 new presenters who could replace Holly Willoughby
MORNING MASH UP This Morning reveals 3 new presenters who could replace Holly Willoughby
Nigel Farage refuses to rule out standing with Boris as a Tory in next election
WILD MOVE Nigel Farage refuses to rule out standing with Boris as a Tory in next election
Combat! legend Jack Hogan dies aged 94 after starring in 110 episodes of show
STAR LOST  Combat! legend Jack Hogan dies aged 94 after starring in 110 episodes of show
The new King of the Jungle was met on the show’s bridge by his best pal Pete Wicks, who stepped in for Sam’s girlfriend Zara McDermott, 26.

Strictly star Zara was unable to fly out to Australia because of work commitments, but last night celebrated his win and told fans she was proud.

Sam, who found fame in Made in Chelsea in 2013, made no secret of how much he loved the show — and its hosts Ant and Dec.

During his time in camp, he took on a number of Bushtucker Trials — and smashed the final one last night, where he had to chow down on a pig’s vagina, a fish eye and a scorpion.

The star also used his time in the jungle to talk about his ADHD diagnosis last year — and was praised by fans for his honesty when he admitted he struggled at school.

He said: “If I’d known as a kid, not much would have changed, but how you feel about yourself probably changes.

“I remember crying into my textbook because I couldn’t understand the words.”

He added: “I’m not ashamed of having ADHD in any way.

"But I know that I would have felt better about myself at school if I’d been diagnosed with it at a younger age.”


Sam’s popularity in camp saw him developing a close bond with boxer Tony.

The pair got off to a comedy start, with Sam annoying Tony after he broke wind next to him and slapped a mosquito off his face.

Boxer Tony Bellew, who Sam developed a close friendship with, came in second
7
Boxer Tony Bellew, who Sam developed a close friendship with, came in secondCredit: Rex
But they went on to become firm friends and Sam revealed he would be spending more time with the former champ after the show.

Third-placed Nigel also won over his campmates despite early clashes with First Dates’ Fred Sirieix and YouTuber Nella Rose.

Insiders said he is now set to use his popularity boost by returning to politics.

A source said: “Nigel has shown just how popular he is with the British public — and he will be utilising that.

"He used the show to reveal a different side to himself and it’s clearly worked, as the public have voted for him in their thousands.

“Nigel has gained a lot of support from people who may not have liked him before — and that is perfect for when he makes his political comeback, which is likely to be at the start of next year.”

During his time in camp, Nigel took on a number of Bushtucker Trials, drinking blended goat testicles, and he also ate a penis pizza with Nella in the Jungle Pizzeria.

The ex-Ukip boss was greeted after the show last night by daughter Izzy, 18, and his girlfriend, Laure Ferrari.

Nigel last night said of his exit after 23 days: “I came into it with a positive attitude and I’ve loved it.”

When asked by Ant and Dec why he signed up after repeatedly being asked, Nigel said: “I’m 60 next birthday and you’ll reach an age when you won’t be able to do it.

"It is very physical. I threw myself into everything. I gave you nothing.

“Not everyone likes the stuff I campaign for but we’re all entitled to an opinion. But I am a human being.

“If you asked me if I would do it again, I probably would.”

When asked about his clashes in camp, Nigel said: “Obviously there were people there who had very different views on Brexit.

“I think I managed to persuade them that we should respect the right to have different opinions.

"No big fallouts.

"The public put me at number three I could not be more thrilled.”

READ MORE ON THE SUN

GRUB'S UP How to get free school meals over Xmas - do you qualify for supermarket vouchers?

YULE LOVE IT? Woman shares the genius way to get your Christmas tree decorated in minutes
He added: “I learnt I can control fear in a way I didn’t know I could.”

Last night, the stars headed to a wrap party an hour away from camp.

Best pal Pete Wicks was waiting to congratulate Sam when he finally left the camp
7
Best pal Pete Wicks was waiting to congratulate Sam when he finally left the campCredit: Rex
Sam with show hosts Ant and Dec
7
Sam with show hosts Ant and DecCredit: Rex
Sam and runner up Tony became firm friends in camp
7
Sam and runner up Tony became firm friends in campCredit: Rex
Sam's girlfriend Zara McDermott couldn't travel to Australia due to work commitments
7
Sam's girlfriend Zara McDermott couldn't travel to Australia due to work commitmentsCredit: Rex