Research by Which? found that the UK’s biggest telecoms providers are lining up above-inflation price rises for broadband and mobile customers that will add almost £500m to bills from next spring. Photograph: Dzianis Apolka/Alamy
Telecommunications industry
UK mobile, broadband and pay TV: ban proposed on ‘confusing’ price rises
Customers should be told clearly upfront rather than facing inflation-linked mid-contract increases, Ofcom says

Julia Kollewe
Tue 12 Dec 2023 09.10 CET
Phone, broadband and pay-TV companies must tell customers upfront and in “pounds and pence” about any mid-contract price rises, in new consumer protection plans.

The communications regulator, Ofcom, said inflation-linked mid-contract price rises do not provide enough clarity about the prices people will pay, and hamper their ability to shop around for a better deal. The watchdog wants to ban this practice, which it says risks undermining competition.

Melanie Dawes, the Ofcom chief executive, said: “At a time when household finances are under serious strain, customers need prices to be crystal clear. But most people are left confused by the sheer complexity and unpredictability of inflation-linked price rise terms written into their contract, which undermines customers’ ability to shop around.

Young man talking on mobile phone
UK’s top mobile firms face £3.3bn class action lawsuit over ‘loyalty penalties’
Read more
“Our tougher protections would ban this practice once and for all, giving customers the clarity and certainty they need to secure the best deal for their needs and budget.”

The move comes after research by the consumer group Which? found that the UK’s biggest telecoms providers are lining up above-inflation price increases for broadband and mobile customers that will add almost £500m to consumers’ bills from next spring.

BT, EE, Vodafone, Virgin Media O2 and TalkTalk are to increase bills for more than 22 million broadband and mobile phone customers under mid-contract price rise clauses from April and May next year.

Ofcom also found that take-up of social tariffs more than doubled in the last year, but millions of eligible customers do not know about them.

As of April, two-fifths, or 11 million, broadband customers and more than half of mobile customers – 36 million people – were on contracts subject to inflation-linked price rises. Ofcom expects these numbers to grow further, to about three-fifths of broadband and mobile customers, as Three and Virgin Media apply inflation-linked in-contract price rise terms to more contracts in the coming months.

skip past newsletter promotion
Sign up to Business Today

Free daily newsletter
Get set for the working day – we'll point you to all the business news and analysis you need every morning


Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
after newsletter promotion
Between January and October, the watchdog received more than 800 complaints related to price rises, almost double the number during the same period in 2021, many of which highlighted uncertainty created by inflation-linked price rises.

Ofcom has invited comments on its plans under a consultation that will run until 13 February, and intends to publish its final decision next spring. The new rules would come into effect four months later.

… there is a good reason why people choose not to support the Guardian.

Not everyone can afford to pay for the news right now. That’s why we choose to keep our journalism open for everyone to read. If this is you, please continue to read for free.

But if you can, then here are three good reasons to make the choice to support us today from Italy.

1. Our quality, investigative journalism is a scrutinising force at a time when the rich and powerful are getting away with more and more.

2. We are independent and have no billionaire owner controlling what we do, so your money directly powers our reporting.

3. It doesn’t cost much, and takes less time than it took to read this message.

Choose to power the Guardian’s journalism for years to come, whether with a small sum or a larger one. If you can, please support us on a monthly basis from just €2. It takes less than a minute to set up, and you can rest assured that you’re making a big impact every single month in support of open, independent journalism. Thank you.